fixing ci (#895)
ComposableFi/composable: scripts/polkadot-launch/README.md

# Overview

> This is a guide on how to run things locally or in isolated environment with your own stuff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a guide on how to run things locally or in an isolated environment with your own machine.
``` 
nit: ambiguity

Author: will merge in next pr. thank you. just not to lost votes.

Author: oh, it does not work. merge and ask again

After starting local nodes wait up to 2 minutes until all will be wired.

## Prepare 

1. `1-build-composable-collator.sh`

2. `2-download-polkadot-relay.sh`

> 3. `4-build-composable-collator.sh`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. `3-build-composable-collator.sh`
```
Should this file be renamed accordingly?
